[Music]
welcome to another episode seven minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose a b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time in my
workshops one of the key points that
emphasize all the time is the importance
of understanding marketing technology in
my second book effective sales
enablement I even dedicated one whole
chapter to technology and its impact on
marketers supporting sales we all know
technology is super important we use it
every day but as a marketer we are
overwhelmed by the continuing evolution
of technology and have a hard time
keeping up so here are three ways that
you can keep up with my attack number
one pick up a field that you want to
understand more it doesn't matter if
it's a social media search events email
or what not my tech vendors are
constantly exploring the latest
technologies to refine and improve their
platforms with additional features with
more features they can be more
competitive and of course they can
charge more using Facebook as an example
they add new features to their
advertising platform all the time even
if you outsource your social media by
it's so important for you to understand
the Ad Exchange arena so that you can
ask intelligent questions about how to
better increase conversions lower cost
per acquisition even the a/b testing
results are messaging close to action or
creative development subscribe to blog
post and the podcast that specialized in
the areas of your interests if you work
with a decent-size agency ask them to
share the latest trends they love
sharing what they know and how to get
things done for you another way to keep
up with technology is to take a specific
initiative or address a specific
marketing process gap within your
company this may or may not relate
- your daily job say your company is
interested in launching account based
marketing to help sales when key
strategic accounts to make that happen
they are list of questions which needs
to be addressed right how do we know
which accounts that marketing team needs
to work on should we get that list from
sales if they don't have a formal list
should we join we come up with that list
together what tools should we use to
come up with that list another set of
questions how do we collaborate with
sales to ensure a consistent customer
experience that may lead to thinking
about the collaboration process or tools
we should use to keep both sides in the
loop what about marketing elements and
campaigns that we should do to support
these accounts different campaign
element may require a different mix of
technology platforms and the processes
can we use the current tools to make
that happen if not what tools do we need
so by asking a list of questions you
start going deeper and deeper it's like
peeling the layers of onions but I see
it as a scavenger hunt it's both
frustrating and fun at the same time it
will force you to start searching for
the tools and exploring a different
montag options inside and outside of
your company so start looking for tools
that can help you to implement the
initiative another option is to talk to
vendors directly I love attending
conferences and talking to my tag and
sales stag vendors yeah vendors like to
scan your badge and I get many many and
want to emails but that's the price I'm
willing to pay so that I can understand
how they use various technologies to
create your platforms and help marketers
to do their jobs better doing a
walk-around at exhibit hall is another
way to educate myself about different
montague areas and learn how to think
outside the box
so when you go to conferences do a walk
around the exhibit halls talk to the
vendors have then explained to you what
they do and what products they offer and
the best way to test if you understand
your technologies and platform is to
paraphrase what they say back to them by
doing so I learned to internalize their
technologies understand how that fits
into the overall marketing
communications so find a topic that you
want to understand more read about it
get your agencies to educate you
starting initiative to build a ma tech
stack for that initiative
so just talk to various vendors directly
and frankly that's how I started to
learn more about Montague I didn't
understand pay search about ten years
ago I started reading different blog
posts and I also enlisted my search
agencies to do some lunch and learn for
my team and me then I venture out to
talk to as many vendors as possible
whenever I could I build up to my MA
tech knowledge bit by bit so now I can
make suggestions to my clients for some
of the imaan tech needs the point is if
I can do it so can you
the ability to understand technology and
source the appropriate platforms for
different processes is super essentials
for modern marketers if you have any
questions you know where to reach me
just Google and dinner again if you like
the podcast it will be really
appreciated that you can leave comments
on iTunes so keep hustling my friends
you got this
[Music]